== Gamer-Ryoudan

The gamer ryoudan started out with nothing more than inspiration for what 
should be an easy, intuitive and fun experience for game records. Video games
have always been fun, meaningful (many would argue this point) expenditures of time.
It's always fun to reminisce about the games you've played and completed
denizens of times. Sometimes though, it can be hard to remember every game you've ever played.

Thats where the gamer ryoudan excels, it provides a comprehensive record of all the games
you are playing, have played, and plan to play in the future. It is really cool to be able to look at 
a list and remark on all the different games you have played, and even be able to score
them too! Rank your favorites and compare your lists with other members! Not only is it fun and nostalgic,
but it can provide a level competition between you and your friends. See who can complete games fastest or 
complete the most number of games! 

The gamer ryoudan is also a nice tool for keeping up to date with things you wouldn't necessarily
remember that easily. Leave notes, or come back to check the status of that game you don't play that
often. I know when I play games, I'll take breaks for months on end before returing to it and that 
point I'm left with no contextual knowledge and the very commonly adopted WTF is going on here.

Lastly, I wish it to become a community driven tool, and a community experience. In this manner,
members can add games that don't exist yet to the database. From this, the site knowledge base
should grow into a living entity. Updated as it needs to be by the supporters that use it. A certain social
aspect should come to light as well within the gamer ryoudan's community. In providing this I believe 
we can all benefit from the advantages we have to offer each other. 
